ONE DOLLAR AND EIGHTY-SEVEN CENTS.
Three times Della counted it.
One dollar and eighty-seven cents.
And the next day would be Christmas.
So Della did it.
Della finished her cry and attended to her cheeks with the powder rag.
Twenty dollars a week doesn't go far.
Only $1.87 to buy a present for Jim.
Her Jim.
Della, being slender, had mastered the art.
Rapidly she pulled down her hair and let it fall to its full length.
One was Jim's gold watch that had been his father's and his grandfather's.
The other was Della's hair.
On went her old brown jacket; on went her old brown hat.
Hair Goods of All Kinds."
One Eight up Della ran, and collected herself, panting.
Madame, large, too white, chilly, hardly looked the "Sofronie."
"Will you buy my hair?"
asked Della.
"I buy hair," said Madame.
"Take yer hat off and let's have a sight at the looks of it."
"Twenty dollars," said Madame, lifting the mass with a practised hand.
"Give it to me quick" said Della.
Oh, and the next two hours tripped by on rosy wings.
She was ransacking the stores for Jim's present.
It surely had been made for Jim and no one else.
As soon as she saw it she knew that it must be Jim's.
She looked at her reflection in the mirror long, carefully, and critically.
what could I do with a dollar and eighty-seven cents?"
Jim was never late.
The door opened and Jim stepped in and closed it.
He looked thin and very serious.
Jim stepped inside the door, as immovable as a setter at the scent of quail.
Della wriggled off the table and went for him.
"Jim, darling," she cried, "don't look at me that way.
My hair grows awfully fast.
Jim, and let's be happy.
You don't know what a nice-what a beautiful, nice gift I've got for you."
"You've cut off your hair?"
"Cut it off and sold it," said Della.
I'm me without my hair, ain't I?"
Jim looked about the room curiously.
"You say your hair is gone?"
"You needn't look for it," said Della.
Shall I put the chops on, Jim?"
Out of his trance Jim seemed quickly to wake.
He enfolded his Della.
Jim drew a package from his overcoat pocket and threw it upon the table.
And then Della leaped up like a little singed cat and cried, "Oh, oh!"
Jim had not yet seen his beautiful present.
"Isn't it a dandy, Jim?
You'll have to look at the time a hundred times a day now.
I want to see how it looks on it."
"Dell," said he, "let's put our Christmas presents away and keep 'em a while.
I sold the watch to get the money to buy your combs.
They invented the art of giving Christmas presents.
Of all who give and receive gifts, such as they are wisest.

